Boss, give me some time.
I'll investigate everything.
Give you a satisfied answer
Give you time
Give me time to destroy the evidence.
You don't want the evidence right in front of you.
I have to believe you.
Five years in the game
Your first time on a mission.
In an enemy ambush.
Thrill insurance
I ran a thousand miles to save you.
That battle.
I've been stabbed three times for you.
Go, don't forget me.
Let's go together.
I want to die together.
For the next eight years, he was isolated in the military.
I am not afraid that I will risk my life for you.
That year I gave you everything.
Unserious, I tell you.
You dare to use the resources of your home to support the Inhuman Trac.
From now on, you will be deported by the emperor.
Are you kidding me?
Even if it's a broken bone.
I also want to help my brother.
How could I have you, you son of a bitch?
For you.
Passing through fire and water
Spending all the family's money.
I've done all of this.
Isn't that enough?